## Minutes Record
**Date:** 2023-04-19 \
**Participants:** Fraser, Victor \
**Agendas:** Catchup \
**Major Decisions:** NA \
\
### Meeting Notes: 

+ Fraser & Victor // We should approach tornado cash developer Gozzy as his goals are in alignment with ours.
+ All // Discussed equity, decided to wait until more work was produced.
+ Fraser // to find a PMO solution for task delegation and whiteboarding. // Fraser
+ Administration interface ideas http://app.unisub.io 
+ Victor // to check technical section of whitepaper, suggest areas where more detail can be added in regards to specific solutions we will be using, zk circuits, payments, smart contracts etc, and make a draft if necessary.
+ So looking at the delegation function in snapshot I assume we dont need to do write anything in our smart contract?
+ Also can you please give me a wallet address so I can invite you to administer our snapshot account?
+ https://snapshot.org/#/gracienetwork.eth
+ Victor // to answer questions sent in telegram for application
+ Governance and token delegation, coinlist has a good model, https://coinlist.co/help/how-is-my-voting-power-affected-if-i-participate-in-snapshot-governance-via-coinlist 
+ Jamboard for Remote Whiteboarding?




-----------------------------
![Gracie](https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4D0BAQEwg5FK93uumQ/company-logo_200_200/0/1519923012279?e=2147483647&v=beta&t=63CNoS8OTR4lHjPhHSO7eFFqwLGwYunWfyDBV3tdc0c)  
GRACIE Inc. 
Your happiness is our business | hello@gracie.network 

